Explanations of the colums in the csv files from the eye tracker. Info from the APP but it seems like it doesn't alwasy match reality. 

RPD - The diameter of the right eye pupil in pixel.
RPS - The scale factor of the right eye pupil, normalized to 1 at the head depth at calibration
RPV - The right pupil valid flag is 1 for valid and 0 for not valid
BKID - A unique numeric identifier assigned to each blink. Equal to 0 when no blink is detected.
BKDUR - The duration of the preceding blink in seconds.
BKPIM - The number of blinks in the previous blink in seconds.
LPMM - The left pupil diameter in millimeters.
LPMMV - The left pupil diameter valid flag is 1 for valid and 0 for not valid.
RPMM - The right pupil diameter in millimeters.
RPMMV - The right pupil diameter valid flag is 1 for valid and 0 for not valid.
DIAL - The position of the user dial (0 to 1)
DIALV - THe dial valid flag is 1 for valid and 0 for not valid.
GSR - The galvanic skin response value (ohms).
GSRV - The galvanic skin response valid flag is 1 for valid and 0 for not valid.
HR - The heart rate in beats per minute.
HRV - The heart rate valid flag is 1 for valid (connected) and 0 for not valid.
HRP - The heart rate pulse signal used to calculate the heart rate (unitless)
TTL0 - The value of analog input TTL0 channel 0 to 1024.
TTL1 - The value of digital input TTL1 channel 0 to 1.
TTLV - The TTL valid flag is 1 for valid (coonected) and 0 for not valid.
PIXS - The conversion scale (pixels to mm) if a tracking marker is used
PIXV - THe conversion scale valid flag is 1 for valid and 0 for not valid.
AOI - List AOI name if the current fixation point is within (overlapping AOI's are hyphenated)
SACCADE_MAG -Saccade magnitude calculated as the distance between the current fixation and last fixation
VID_FRAME - For video media items, the frame number of the video displayed when the data recored was captured.
MEDIA_ID - A unique numeric identifier associated with the media item in the media list.
MEDIA_NAME - The user defined name of a media item.
WEB_ID - A unique numeric identifier associated with the web page recorded.
WEB_TITLE - The TITLE of the webpage from the webpage source (HTML).
WEB_URL - The URL of the webpage.
CNT - The COUNT increments once for each data record generated by Control.
TIME - Time elapsed in seconds since the recording started.
TIMETICK - CPU ticks recorded at time as TIME, can be used to synchronize data with other applications.
FPOGX - The X-coordinate of the fixation POG, as a percentage of the screen width (0 to 1).
FPOGY - The Y-coordinate of the fixation POG, as a percentage of the screen height (0 to 1).
FPOGS - The starting time of the fixation POG in seconds since the system initialization or calibration.
FPOGD - The duration of the fixation POG in seconds.
FPOGID - The fixation POG ID number.
FPOGV - The FPOG valid flag is 1 for valid and 0 for not valid.
BPOGX - The X-coordinate of the un-filtered POG (left&right average), as a percentage of the screen width (0 to 1).
BPOGX - The Y-coordinate of the un-filtered POG (left&right average), as a percentage of the screen height (0 to 1).
BPOGV - The BPOG valid flag is 1 for valid and 0 for not valid.
CX - The X-coordinate of the mouse cursor position, as a percentage of the screen width (0 to 1).
CY - The Y-coordinate of the mouse cursor position, as a percentage of the screen height (0 to 1).
CS - Mouse cursor state, 0 for steady state, 1 for left down, 2 for right down, 3 for left up, 4 right up.
USER - A custom data field that may be set by the user via the API or Remote.
LPCY - The X-coordinate of the left pupil in the camera image, as a percentage of height (0 to 1)
LPCY - The Y-coordinate of the left pupil in the camera image, as a percentage of height (0 to 1)
LPD - The diameter of the left eye pupil in pixels.
LPS - The scale factor of the left eye pupil, normalized to 1 at the head depth at calibration.
LPV - The left pupil valid flag is 1 for valid and 0 for not valid.